Add guidance page for collateral types and add link on approved collaterals (#215)
UMAprotocol/docs: docs/uma-tokenholders/guidence-on-collateral-currency-addition.md

### Guidance for the Addition of Collateral Currencies

Collateral currencies can be added through the collateral currency UMIP template available on Github, by adding 
 - the name of the token to the be added 

>  - the contract address of the token  together with a link to the address on etherscan

Reviewer: Does the token have to be ERC20, on Eth chain? It's important to call that out

Author: Thanks for highlighting that.  Checking now whether you can have other types on L2 sidechains.

>  - the amount that should be added to the store as final fee expressed in units of the intended collateral currency.   This should equate to approximately $400 at the time the UMIP is submitted.

Reviewer 2: For some of the funky coins that aren't available on price feeds like coinmarketcap, it would be nice for them to provide their calculation on how they determined the final fee.

***Note**: rebasing tokens cannot be added as collateral currencies as they do not work with UMA's factory contracts*

____________
The below provides some guidelines when using collateral currencies in an UMA contract

**Stablecoins**
Consider carefully whether to treat stablecoins as their intended peg, or as the current market value.

**Non-traded tokens**
Some tokens, such as interest bearing tokens or liquidity tokens may have no direct market.  

> If using such tokens in a contract which requires collateral monitoring, such as the EMP, that there is a clear way for liquidity to be obtained should it be required.  It may be useful to add this to the UMIP, under the security section.

Reviewer 2: Looks like you're missing a word after "such as EMP, "

> **Volitility**

Reviewer: Vol`a`tility?

> Where a proposed collateral type has high volitility, a higher store fee than the recommended $400 may be appropriate.

Reviewer 2: Is this something we should articulate a bit more? As a writer, I would have questions like:
- How much higher should I make the store fee?
- Do I HAVE to or is it just a suggestion?

Reviewer: volatility.

What would be a "higher` store fee? We should provide recommendation, such as $1000

Author: Well, my idea was just to leave it open to their own interpretation of how volatile their token is and how much more they should add

Author: Its a suggestion.

---
title: Guidance for the Addition of Collateral Currencies
sidebar_label: Guidance for the Addition of Collateral Currencies
---
Collateral currencies can be added through the collateral currency UMIP template available on Github, by adding 

 - the name of the token to the be added 
 - the contract address of the token  together with a link to the address on etherscan

>  - the amount that should be added to the store as final fee expressed in units of the intended collateral currency.   

Reviewer 3: Weird spacing here.

_This should equate to approximately $400 at the time the UMIP is submitted.  If the token is not directly listed on Coingecko and/or Coinmarketcap, please add how the estimated dollar value of the token was obtained in the Rationale section._

> ***Note**: rebasing tokens cannot be added as collateral currencies as they do not work with UMA's factory contracts*

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
***Note**: rebasing tokens cannot be added as collateral currencies as they do not work with UMA's contracts*
```

____________

> The below provides some guidelines when using collateral currencies in an UMA contract

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Below are some items to consider when using collateral currencies in an UMA contract. Note that these items do not need to be directly addressed in a collateral currency UMIP.
```

> **Stablecoins**

Reviewer 4: I would make these headings instead of bolded text

Author: Have changed

> Consider carefully whether to treat stablecoins as their intended peg, or as the current market value.

Reviewer 3: Can we provide some more information here? Maybe something like:

```
UMA collateral types within most registered financial contracts are treated pricelessly. That is to say that a financial contract's price identifier does not necessarily take into account the USD denominated value of a stablecoin or other collateral. This means that a price in an UMA financial contract only determines the units of collateral that a synthetic token is worth.

Because of this, if it is wished to use a stablecoin as collateral and account for its fluctuations away from a $1 peg, the price identifier used should also account for the stablecoin's price in USD (or other fiat currency). As an example, an Expiring Multiparty contract that creates synthetic ETH with USDT as collateral will need to define a price identifier similar to the [ETHUSD price identifier](https://github.com/UMAprotocol/UMIPs/blob/master/UMIPs/umip-6.md). With the ETHUSD price identifier defined as is and ETHUSD at 2500, each synthetic token will be worth 2500 USDT. If a contract deployer wishes to reflect the true ETHUSDT price, they will need to define a new price identifier that determines both the ETH/USD and the USD/USDT prices and multiplies the two.

This information does not necessarily need to be contained in a collateral currency UMIP.
```

Author: Added in.

### Non-traded tokens

Some tokens, such as interest bearing tokens or liquidity tokens may have no direct market.  

If using such tokens in a contract which requires collateral monitoring, such as Expiring Multiparty Contracts (EMP), please ensure that there is a clear way for liquidity to be obtained should it be required.  It may be useful to add this information to the UMIP, under the security section.

### Volatility

Where a proposed collateral type has high volatility, it is suggested that a higher store fee than the recommended $400 may be appropriate.

> Where this is the case, this should be noted in the rationale section together with a justification for the value of the store fee.

Reviewer 3: Not saying this information is wrong at all, but doesn't this and the other recommendations for inclusion into the UMIP contradict the attempt to streamline the collateral currency UMIPs? 

If we are recommending to include this, there should be some sort of defined volatility metric when this is required.

Author: Idea was really to leave it open to add or not.

Reviewer 3: I guess I just have a small issue with the wording. I think saying that it "should be noted" (but without saying exactly which situations require that it be noted) doesn't seem very clear to me. If I was writing an umip based off of this, I wouldn't really know when I should include this information or not. 

Also do we do this today? I don't think we propose higher final fees than $400 for volatile currencies. Do you think we should? I would probably say no, as volatility just as strongly implies that the final fee could be quickly overprices as opposed to underpriced.

Also nit: all references to a "store fee" should be changed to "final fee". This is it's canonical name, and is used in previous umips so I think it is less confusing.

### Liquidity

When there is little liquidity for a token, or where there is a low ratio of tokens available on the market compared with protocol treasury stores, care should be taken in using this collateral currency in a contract and developers should investigate the distribution schedule when considering its use.

### Bridged tokens
 

> To be accepted as a collateral currency, there must be some availablilty of the token on the ethereum chain. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To be accepted as a collateral currency, there must be some availability of the token on the Ethereum mainnet network. 
```

> Where the majority of the liquidity is available on another chain, including a sidechain, the UMIP should identify bridges where the collateral currency can be obtained. Note that any token and contract address added should be the ERC20 version, (not the token on the native chain)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When the majority of the liquidity for a bridged token is available on a chain other than Ethereum mainnet, but it is desired to add the Ethereum mainnet ERC-20, the UMIP should specify how the token can be bridged to Ethereum mainnet. Note that both the Ethereum mainnet token address and token address, that is being bridged, should be specified.
```

Reviewer 3: I think we both should be listed - especially if we are asking for a "bridge process walkthrough". Would make the process for getting additional liquidity a lot clearer.

> Developers considering using such a currency for a contract that requires collateral monitoring should ensure that these bridges are robust enough to obtain sufficient collateral currency should it be required for liquidations. 

Reviewer 3: +1!
